## Data
* Expectations regarding differences? We do not know yet why there should be or what kind of differences are there
* In the data the STTC is not dependent on the distance? But model kind of needs this?
** Normalize the distance
** In retina certainly there is the connection (can we also have data here)
** Is this different in the HDME data - to be seen

## STTC
* Positions of the STTC are always the same across the recordings
* But some electrodes may not be actives
* Building the network from the STTC data, is taking a cutoff to decide which electrodes are connected (0.2 or 0.5 are good values to get started)

## Open Questions
* How do I go about the electrodes which are not active?
* STTC out of bounds -1 to 1
* Diagonal always one or not?

## Background reading
* Klaus Hilgetag and Markus KAiser
* Blue Brain Project
* Spiek sorting
* Networks of the Brain, Olaf Sporns,

## How to initialize the A?
* Random subset
* Early time point
* Across samples

## Other
* What are really the biological implications that we find the homophilic rule superior? => No immediate reasons why one should be different from the others
* Is the overall idea not a bit counterintuitive? Because in nature networks form very differently, right? => Not really, not really the way to think about it
* What would be the alternative to this type of generative network building? Pruning use it or loose it

## Working hypothesis for somehting new
** The distance dependency in STTC vs ETA
** Different rules for different data hippocampus and cortex
